feature/MTM-46136/MTM-46139-Add-requirements-for-managing-users (#605)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-permissions.md

<tr>
<td align="left">Own user management</td>

> <td align="left">View or edit your own user. Please note that this permission is not affecting users created via user interface and is used for technical purposes.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td align="left">View or edit your own user. Note that this permission does not affect users created via the user interface and is only used for technical purposes.</td>
```

> <td align="left">View or edit your own user. Note that this permission does not affect users created via the user interface and is only used for technical purposes.</td>

Author: Changed description here.

> <td align="left">View or edit your own user. Please note that this permission may only be applicable to technical users.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td align="left">View or edit your own user. Note that this permission may only be applicable to technical users.</td>
```
